Updating Identity Engine > Embedded Authentication content for Node.js SDK Social IdP use case (#2368)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-cases/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-sign-in-soc-idp/nodejs/integrationsteps.md

> **Note:** The **Valid OAuth Redirect URIs** for your Okta org is in the format: `https://{yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/v1/authorize/callback`. See [Step 1: Create a Facebook app in Facebook](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/nodejs/main/#step-1-create-a-facebook-app-in-facebook) for details on configuring the **Valid OAuth Redirect URIs** value.

### Step 3: Handle the callback from Okta

Okta returns the Interaction code in the callback to the **Sign-in redirect URI** location specified in the [Create new application](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/nodejs/main/#step-4-create-new-application) section. You need to handle the callback by exchanging the Interaction code for an access token using `idx.handleInteractionCodeRedirect`.

```JavaScript
try {
    // handle interactionCode and save tokens
  await authClient.idx.handleInteractionCodeRedirect(callbackUrl);
} catch (err) {
  if (authClient.isInteractionRequiredError(err)) {
    // need to proceed with required authenticator/s
  }
  throw err;
}
```

> With the obtained access token, you can retrieve basic user information by making a request to Okta's Open ID Connect authorization server. See [Get user profile information after sign in](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-alternate-flows/node.js/main/#getuserprofileinfo) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the obtained access token, you can retrieve basic user information by making a request to Okta's OpenID Connect authorization server. See [Get user profile information after sign in](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-alternate-flows/node.js/main/#getuserprofileinfo) for details.
```
